# Roadmap

This file describes the role of each subfolder.

- `figures`: use this folder to store some plotted figures
- `img`: use this folder to store the image file for VMs
- `reproduce`: this folder stores dataset generated from Aquarius paper's experiments, for the sake of reproducibility
- `results`: this folder is omitted but will be automatically generated when running new experiments, to store results
- `tmp`: this folder is a swap space for copying scripts to different VMs
- `trace`: this folder stores the network traces that are replayed on the client VM
- `vpp_deb`: this folder stores the deb files for installing VPP on edge router and load balancer VMs

## img

Because of the limit of file size, the original VM image is not uploaded here. A simple KVM is enough. Install Apache and SQL server. Then populate the SQL database with some web pages. For instance, Wikipedia is used in Aqaurius. Two synthesized Apache applications are created as well, namely `img/dummy.php` for PHP for-loop trace and `img/file.php` for PHP file queries. The files with different sizes for PHP file queries can be simply generated by:

```bash
for i in 100KB 200KB 500KB 750KB 1MB 2MB 5MB 10MB; do for j in $(seq 0 50); do dd if=/dev/urandom of=$i-$j.txt bs=$i count=1; done; done
```

Once these files are generated, remember to copy all of them to `/var/www/html` on the VMs. `*.php` files go directly in `/var/www/html` and these files go to a new directory `/var/www/html/samples`.

## trace

Three network traces used in Aquarius paper are presented here. It can be used to reproduce results in Aquarius. It can also be used as a guideline to generate new traces.